Do you know
the first time I met him
was right here?
Forget it, you wouldn’t understand.
Let me be alone for a while.
In the Imperial Garden.
Neither I nor Manager Li know
who exactly he is that the Emperor speaks of.
That year, during the palace selection,
I got lost in the Imperial Garden.
Su Qingwan must have wanted me to miss the time
and not participate in the selection.
Ah, Your Majesty, today is the palace's grand selection day.
If the Empress Dowager knew you brought the Concubine Yan out
of the palace again, she would likely be displeased.
Sir,
could you please
show me the way to the Selection Palace?
Boldly speaking, the Selection Palace
are you one of the candidates this year?
Yes.
Manager, please take her there.
Ah.
What is the Empress thinking?
Does the Empress know who exactly
the person mentioned is?
I don’t know either.
The Empress Dowager is here.